[bitnami/ghost] Bump MariaDB chart (#8701)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/ghost/README.md

> ### To 15.0.0
> 
> This major release updates the MariaDB subchart to it newest major, 10.0.0. Check [MariaDB Upgrading Notes](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/mariadb#to-1000) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### To 16.0.0

This major release updates the MariaDB subchart to its newest major, 10.0.0. Check [MariaDB Upgrading Notes](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/mariadb#to-1000) for more information.
```
